general introduction

This is a computer program that looks into the question of how the vision feedback of time can influence the temporal perception, and therefore influence a person’s daily routine. The pilot experiment on myself shows a valuable conclusion that engineering works like the “time turner” is helpful to influence psychology aspect of people’s life, including temporal perception and many other challenging problems.


what's the motivation?

The motivation is that, I used to be a nocturnal person, especially so during winter and summer vacations when I don't have to attend classes and/or arrange many meetings with other people. And also, due to global pandemic, my daily schedule is far away from healthy and regular.
So when new quarters begin when I have to coordinate my time with the rest of the world and other people, I have to find a way to reschedule my daily routine.
But the process has not been easy due to some inertia in mind and hard-to-change habits, such as "I have to do something when it's time to do it" and "I won't do something unless it's time to do it".
So I come up with this idea of designing a fake clock that display a time that align with the default timetable in the mind which is different from the real time.


Now tell me a little bit about the method
How did you accomplish that?
How did you make the time turner to achieve what you wish it to do and to shift your default original nocturnal timetable to a new healthy regular timetable?
How do you know how these two timetables look like?

So the first question,
the basic program of the time turner is actually really simple and straightforward
it is a program
that is able to show any time display at any given time.
The display interface is designed to look exactly like typical electrical clock interface, making its time display more convincing and similar to the experience of checking time with the old clock.
And the program window is designed to remain large and center and on top of the desktop.
The main and most fun part is, what exactly should it display
In other words, how to write the algorithm that map the real time to a fake time, while making sure that the fake time follows the old habit of daily routine and the corresponding real time is the ideal timetable.
So the actual mapping function needs historical daily routine as a reference


What's in the next section?
How is the mapping function defined? And how does it show its effect? How do you know it works?
现在来接着看你在method session写了些什么
你的mapping function是怎么定义出来的？

这个section的这里会有一张图
就是之前草图的那个对应方法
但是我没办法solidify为什么我的ideal timetable是这个样子
因为这本来一开始就是我随便arbitrary想出来的一个ideal timetable
完全没有站得住脚的支持
所以应该算common sense
但是我本来也不会为了证明我可以怎么shift成这个timetable，而是为了证明所有人都可以实现shift，所以只要shift了就是胜利

The corresponding timetable = the mapping function
they are two parallel lines, just like the ones I have in Onenote draft
(or a table)
have time points and tasks
and then 自然过渡到 experiment section


What do you have in experiment section

First subsection: the set-up of the experiment
有个问题/难点：我的experiment和method是相互联系在一起的，我该怎么把它们分开？
它们之间有什么不同的地方吗
Method是程序部分，相当于把customized的部分拿掉，只有标配部分
只有程序本身，表示它有显示不同时间的作用
Experiment是用上了我自己的作息时间进行对应
所以前面这个parallel timetable也应该放在Experiment之后

在介绍完实验方法的设置之后
The experiment had two periods: pre-experiment period and experiment period
Both periods lasted for three weeks
During both periods, I record my daily routine in an accuracy of minute, and divided all the activities into six main categories: work, write, meal, sleep, fun, chore.
During three-weeks of pre-experiment, I roughly followed same daily routine of doing each activity in similar period time of the day, so I calculated the average starting time point and ending time point of activities in each category.
The result of the pre-experiment is shown in Fig.xx (a).
Based on the result of the pre-experiment, I made my ideal timetable as in Fig.xx (b).
The ideal timetable has different starting and ending time points compared to the original baseline timetable, as well as different rate of time flow.
The expected result and assumption of the experiment is that, the brain conceives the displayed time as the real time, and act accordingly as if I'm still following the original timetable.
In order to avoid interference of hint of time from the outside world, I manually hide or cover all the time display in the house, including the default time display on the computer desktop, the time app on phone, my clock, and even the time display on the microwave oven.
And also, I draw all the curtain in the house to block hint of time from the outside lighting. Alternatively, I change the lighting condition in the house by turning on or off lights in the house, to manually create a vision of day time or night time, as a reassuring method to support the displayed time on the time turner.
During the three weeks of experiment, I tried my best to convince my brain to believe the displayed time on the time turner. And the result is shown in Fig.x (c).


What is in the Result section?

那就这里需要再做一张table，把前面用线条画出来的figure变成quantitative的数据和表格
（tricky的地方是需要解释为什么有些片段会有重合
（但是因为前面Fig里应该已经有slash了，所以应该也不会太难解释
这一段还是等图做出来再写吧
现在没图也很难讲
然后conclusion也同理


discussion呢？
关于challenge, limitation和future extension
基本就跟audio interview里的差不多的
